Missing form types (#1719)
PrestaShop/docs: development/components/form/types-reference/translate-type.md

---
title: TranslateType
---

# TranslateType

> This form class is responsible to create a translatable form. Language selection uses tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This form class is responsible for creating a translatable form. Language selection uses tabs.
```
